DATA LOG LAB version 1.5.7 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

1. IMPORTANT.  Uninstall any previous version of this software or Miata Link Lab.  Don't worry about any files that you've created within the Data Log Lab or Miata Link Lab directory structures, or about your personal settings - these will all remain intact.

2. Extract the archive (DataLogLab_v157nn.zip) to a temporary directory.  This should give you the following files:

	DataLogLab.msi
	InstMsiA.exe
	InstMsiW.exe
	setup.exe
	setup.ini
	DataLogLabReadMe.txt

3. Before commencing installation be sure to look at the contents of the readme.txt file which will contain any late-breaking information or issues with the software.  In addition, also check the Data Log Lab Known Issues web page to see if any even-later-breaking information or issues have come up (http://www.dataloglab.com/).

4. Run Setup.exe.  The Microsoft Installer that the application uses may need to install some necessary files of its own and then request a re-boot of the computer before it automatically continues with the installation of the application.

5. You will need to accept the licence agreement to continue.  After this, confirm the installation directory.  You may get asked whether you wish to overwrite newer versions of some of the files the installer is trying to place in your windows/system directory - answer 'no' to these.  A folder and icon will be created in the Start menu, and an icon placed on the desktop, either of which can be used to run Data Log Lab.

6. The files can now be deleted from the temporary directory.

7. If you have not had a previous version of Data Log Lab installed before, when you first run the application you will be asked for which type of data log you want to use Data Log Lab with.

8. IMPORTANT FOR FLYIN' MIATA LINK ECU USERS.  If you do not have the intake air temperature sensor fitted, within the application you should ensure that the Data logging/Upload program is set to 'MDOS.EXE' instead of 'MDOS_AT.EXE'.

9. Enhancements and Bug Fixes in versions 1.5.6 and 1.5.7:

- Universal Data Log Loading added.
- Maximum length of data log load increased to 300,000 records.
- New high-contrast graph colouring options.
- Aerodynamic properties in car definitions enhanced to allow drag coefficient and frontal area to be specified.
- Change of units in Car Definition window can now convert existing field entries.
- Preset graph lists only contain those applicable to the licence type of the loaded data log.

Happy Data Logging!

Data Log Lab Support
